[inaudible]
[SHIGURE gasps]
A dream?
[VERA grunts]
[SOLVEIG] You entered the
Asylum without permission.
And what's more, you did so
using an unauthorized route.
We were given a full report
of your transgression.
[JAMES]
Well, do you deny it?
What's wrong?
Oh. I, uh-- No sir.
All of that is correct.
Huh?
[SHIGURE] It feels like I've
had this conversation before.
[KOBATO] You're leaving.
I can't believe it.
[SHIGURE] I'll miss you guys.
Thanks for everything.
So what route are you
taking to get home?
I'm going through
Southern Cross.
But given the situation,
I'm not exactly in a hurry.
So I'll probably be
hanging around there
for a little while longer,
at least, I think.
You didn't want to
go straight back?
Oh. I tried. But everything
happened so suddenly,
that I couldn't
get a plane ticket.
If you don't have a ticket,
why leave now?
You could hang out
here a bit longer
if you wanted, right?
[SHIGURE]
I guess, but, why?
Duh. So we can throw you
a farewell party, of course.
Yeah, absolutely!
We need to say goodbye
to you properly.
[gasps] Thanks. I'd like that.
[gasps]
[SHIGURE]
What the heck is going on?
This can't just be
déjà vu. Can it?
Huh?
[gasps]
[SHIGURE] If I have this, then
it wasn't just a dream.
Those memories are real.
[SHIGURE] All of this
has happened before.
[GROUP]
Cheers!
You know, ever
since we first met,
I was curious what
sort of person
you would blossom into!
You wanted to be a hero, right?
A lot of people join
for a lot of reasons,
but that's got to be a first.
Maybe in another life
I'll get the chance.
Um, are you okay?
Something I said?
I want you to tell me the truth.
The truth about what?
Just say it already.
You're acting like I'm trying
to hide something from you.
Don't get so defensive,
I don't know!
Hey, what's gotten into
you two all of a sudden?
Did you have a fight
we never knew about?
Sorry. Uh, no, it's nothing.
I think I need to
get some fresh air.
Huh...?
[SHIGURE]
No, wait!
[GROUP]
Huh?
[SHIGURE]
On second thought.
Maybe I could use your
help with something.
[NADIA]
Sorry. I'm just doing my job.
--[gunshots]
--[gasping]
I knew it was you!
Kamezou! Usazou!
[SUMIRE yells]
[NADIA]
What a mess.
How did they even
know where I was?
Hayden must be in
trouble, I think!
Come on, let's get out of here!
[SHIGURE]
Are you alive?
[MAN A]
Yeah, but I'm confused.
[SHIGURE]
I work for Commander Rustamova.
My name's Shigure Daniel Kai.
[MAN A grunts]
So you've heard?
Some things, but I still
don't know who you are.
[MAN A]
I'm a spy. Or rather, I was.
For Commander Rustamova.
As well as the Grosse
Bär Director's aide.
Who? That title isn't
ringing any bells for me.
She's one of the people who
runs the show around here.
The one with the white hat.
[SHIGURE] Huh? You're her spy?
What does she want exactly?
[MAN A] She formed a partnership
with Commander Rustamova,
and fed her intel on
the top brass' goals.
The Commander used
that information
to get her plans approved.
As for the Director's aide,
she was just trying to
advance her own career.
Successful operations
helped make her look good.
But they couldn't do this
in the open, of course.
So, I acted as their go-between.
Fair enough.
But that still doesn't explain
why you were attacked.
[SUMIRE]
No, it makes perfect sense.
‘Cause you were
giving that intel
to someone else, weren't you?
Huh?
This sort of thing happens in
the idol world all the time.
You buy and sell some
secret information,
then blackmail your rivals
to make them retire.
Maybe you do it for money,
or maybe for power.
[MAN A]
How insightful of you.
Yes, I was selling that
information to Iceman's cronies.
And should I know who that is?
[MAN A]
He's a scientist.
Specifically, one known
for his views on the Asylum.
He says it's a sign of
the sixth great extinction.
Claims the whole thing's
gonna kick off once
the "Child of God"
is good and ready.
Sound familiar?
Child of God.
[SHIGURE]
He must mean EL-Cee.
Sorry, but you kinda
lost me there.
This guy's into
the Child of God,
and you're selling him intel,
but what does that have
to do with our commander?
‘Cause it's the operation
the Commander's working on.
She wants to kill
the Child of God.
It makes sense.
She did her research.
I don't know where she got
the information from,
But... that's the idea, right?
[MAN A]
Correct.
You're just gonna leave?
[MAN A] You should do the same.
The Commander's in danger.
She'll be all right.
Our friends are on the way.
[ANNOUNCER B] Access to Gates
has been restricted.
All employees report to
your commanding officer...
[HAYDEN]
You're not a trusting person.
But you trusted them.
Even as an outsider,
I could see how
much they cared for you.
And just between us,
it made me jealous.
[groaning]
[gasps]
[growls]
[VERA]
What's the meaning of this?
Shigure filled us
in on the details.
We know about your plan now.
You've been trying to take
out EL-Cee this entire time.
That said, we still
don't know why.
[KOBATO]
But you must have your reasons.
An order is an order, right?
If knowing all the
details were necessary,
you would've told
us a long time ago.
At least, I would hope so.
[sighs] We've got an early start
tomorrow. Get some sleep.
[VERA] For better or worse,
it's no longer mine.
The power to
repeat time has been
passed on to someone else.
And I'll just have
to deal with it.
It's not like I can turn back.
Not after coming this far.
Let's move.
[SHIGURE]
This way. I'll go with you.
You were removed
from the platoon.
[SHIGURE] That's true, but
I'm not here as a soldier.
I'm here as someone
who has chosen
to help you of his own volition.
[VERA grunts]
Do as you please.
[SHIGURE]
This should be the place, right?
What's the plan, Commander?
What's inside?
We don't really know what
we're getting into here.
You two just follow me
and be ready for a fight.
You, stand by from
that vantage point.
I'll make sure you
get an opening.
[ICEMAN] Impressive. I didn't
expect you to make it this far.
[SHIGURE]
I don't get it.
The commander doesn't
seem worried at all.
Is she just confident?
Or does she know something?
[VERA] Don't just stand there,
find the girl!
As soon as you do, kill her!
[ICEMAN] You think I'd let you
interfere with our goal?
Nothing will stop me
from fusing with EL-Cee.
Over my dead body.
That's the idea, since you don't
have the power to save yourself.
[ICEMAN grunts]
What's going on here?
I'm not sure, sir.
Unless... Did you set us up?
Finally catching on?
I figured out your
plan way ahead of time.
It was obvious to me that
you'd try to seal my powers
before you made your move.
You think I'd just
sit back and let you?
[ICEMAN]
Very clever.
Then you must have entrusted
it to someone else.
Your hypothesis is if
you abandon your power
before you kill her,
then EL-Cee's death
won't cause another time loop.
But that comes
with a clear risk.
I've seen this scenario
play out enough times by now.
A little danger might be fun.
How confident.
But I doubt this will
play out the way you think.
[VERA] This is my story,
and I'll end it myself!
[ICEMAN groaning]
Hayden! Stop her!
I'll handle the rest!
[HAYDEN]
Right!
[KOBATO]
This feels kind of wrong.
There's no turning back now.
We have to have faith.
[BOTH gasp]
[LARRY grunts]
You get away from her!
[ICEMAN]
Come on!
[gasps]
[ICEMAN]
This is it!
[ICEMAN laughing] The moment
I've been waiting for!
Everything's in place!
How did this happen?
The god wasn't supposed to
be unleashed until tomorrow!
[ICEMAN]
Seems you've done your research.
But not quite enough,
I'm afraid.
You failed. It's over.
There's nothing left to do.
[gasps]
[VERA grunts]
[VERA gasping]
[gasps] Commander!
[yelling]
[SHIGURE]
You bastard! I'll kill you! Die!
[SHIGURE gasps]
I'm back again.
[SOLVEIG] You entered the
Asylum without permission.
And what's more,
you did so using an
unauthorized route.
We were given a report
of your transgression.
Well, do you deny it?
[JAMES, SOLVEIG gasp]
If you don't have a
ticket, why leave now?
You could hang out here a
bit longer if you wanted.
[SHIGURE]
Uh, yeah.
I mean, at least let us
throw you a farewell party.
That sounds nice.
[BOTH]
Hm?
[SHIGURE]
There's no question.
This is what's causing
the time loops.
[SHIGURE]
Let's see what else I can learn.
[NADIA panting]
[SHIGURE]
Are you alive?
[MAN A]
Yeah. But I'm confused.
[SHIGURE]
I'm Shigure Daniel Kai.
And I work with
Commander Rustamova.
[MAN A]
And? You know who I am?
[SHIGURE] Sort of. I know
you're a spy, at least.
[MAN A gasps]
[SHIGURE]
Can you tell me what this is?
[MAN A]
Not a clue.
[SHIGURE]
What am I missing?
This thing has to
be the key, right?
Does that mean sending
Kobato and Larry
to help the Commander
was also a mistake?
[gasps]
It's me. I got interrupted.
[NADIA]
That didn't take long, did it?
I'm still in Cliff Town.
I need you to buy me some time.
I'll see what I can do.
Wait a sec...
I'm about to shut down
the security network.
That will lure people
out of the Gate
and give you an
opening, I think.
[HAYDEN]
You are the best.
Now, let's make this a
homecoming to remember.
[NADIA sighs, gasps]
[NADIA] You, huh? How did
you know I was here?
It's none of your business.
[NADIA gasping]
That's no good.
Hayden's in big trouble!
[HAYDEN] But there's no
sense dwelling on those
who are no longer
with us, is there?
I did always wonder
about one thing, though.
What bound you two together?
It never made any sense.
I mean, sure, on the one hand,
Leslie would feel obligated
to take care of
someone like you.
That's just how they were.
I never understood
your motivations.
You aren't the type to
care about anyone else.
Then, the other day,
it finally dawned on me.
[HAYDEN] Commander. You've
repeated this same timeline
over and over, right?
I have a theory.
[SHIGURE] The Commander was
stuck in a loop, just like I am!
[HAYDEN] Each iteration
played out the same way.
Every time you came to
them with the mission,
they agreed to the job
without hesitating...
And every time,
you got them killed.
They died and died
and died again,
while EL-Cee's assassinations
always failed.
No matter how many
times you tried,
they did what you asked.
And the outcome was
always the same.
You don't witness that sort
of unquestioning loyalty
without developing some kind
of attachment, do you?
[SHIGURE] I think I get it now.
I know what my job is here.
[ANNOUNCER B] Alert. Illegal
override has been detected.
Access to Gates
has been restricted.
All employees report to
your commanding officer
and await further instruction.
[ANNOUNCER A] Alert.
Alert. This is not a drill.
I thought so.
Huh?
[EL-CEE]
It's you.
Why did you come all
the way out here?
[SHIGURE]
I wanted to give this back.
Hey, that's-- This is mine!
Looks like my theory
was right, then.
Come with me. We've gotta
get you out of this place.
[LARRY]
An order is an order, right?
If knowing all the details
were necessary,
you would've told us
a long time ago.
But we're a team. We need
you to have faith in us,
so we can pull
this off together.
He told you everything,
I presume?
Where is he now?
[LARRY, KOBATO]
Uh...
[ICEMAN]
EL-Cee? EL-Cee?
[yells]
[SHIGURE panting]
[CULTIST A grunting]
[CULTIST B yelling]
[SHIGURE grunts]
[SHIGURE panting]
[EL-CEE gasps]
[HAYDEN]
Not half bad!
Or at the very least,
better than I expected.
But we're still
taking back EL-Cee!
[NADIA] You're full of
surprises, I'll say that much.
But you won't win.
[SHIGURE]
EL-Cee!
[KOBATO] Don't worry about him.
We'll take care of things here!
You do whatever you've gotta do!
[SHIGURE]
Thanks, guys!
Commander, c'mon.
[VERA grunts]
[VERA]
I'll lure out the girl.
You wait here for
further instructions.
[SHIGURE]
No. I'm going with you.
For what purpose?
[SHIGURE] Because I think that
we should try to save EL-Cee.
[VERA]
There wouldn't be any point.
[SHIGURE]
Why is that?
[VERA] You have your orders!
Her death is the only answer.
I can't do it.
You came this far
just to give up on me?
[SHIGURE]
No, you've got it backwards.
Because you know
there's a good reason
why I can't take her life.
If somebody kills EL-Cee,
then you'll disappear as well.
Isn't that right?
[VERA]
You have a problem with that?
[SHIGURE grunting]
[SHIGURE]
We were too late.
Don't quit.
It's not complete yet.
We have to try something!
Fight till the end!
[VERA groans]
[SHIGURE]
Commander!
[LARRY, KOBATO yelp]
It's really here!
This is the world of
destruction that the Doctor's
been dreaming of for--
[SHIGURE gasps]
[SHIGURE]
Commander...
This is a nightmare.
How many times have you
suffered through this pain?
I'll stop this, no matter what!